# Privacy Policy

Last updated: May 15, 2020

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

## Interpretation and Definitions

### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions.

The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

* **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
* **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to GCal Purge.
* **Application** means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named GCal Purge
* **Affiliate** means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
* **Account** means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
* **Service** refers to the Application.
* **Country** refers to: Colorado, United States
* **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
* **Third-party Social Media Service** refers to any website or any social network website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the Service.
* **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
* **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
* **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

### Types of Data Collected

This application does not collect any personal data; any data required is collected by Google.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
